Docs only - SQS broker - add STS support (#6693)
celery/celery: docs/getting-started/backends-and-brokers/sqs.rst

+-----------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------+

> SQS - STS token authentication

Reviewer: Please provide a link to AWS's documentation regarding the matter.

Author: added

> SQS - STS token authentication
> ------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STS token authentication
----------------------------
```

Please ensure the title and the header notation are at the same length.
Otherwise, Sphinx produces warnings.
Also, in my opinion, adding SQS to the title is redundant.

> AWS STS authentication is supported, by using ``sts_role_arn``, and sts_token_timeout. sts_role_arn is the assumed IAM role ARN we are trying to access with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS STS authentication is supported by using the ``sts_role_arn`` and ``sts_token_timeout`` broker transport options. ``sts_role_arn`` is the assumed IAM role ARN we use to authorize our access to SQS.
```
